WINENAME will remind you of summer: fresh ripe cherries and juicy berries. It is gently sparkling, smooth and soft with a refreshing finish. Chill and enjoy with or without food.

A powerful red from the island of Sicily, this is an imaginative blend of VARIETY and the local Sicillian VARIETY grape. With a massive amount of rich, ripe, wild-berry fruit, the wine is really well rounded and smooth. Ideal with all sorts of meat dishes from spaghetti bolognese to the Sunday roast. Serve at room temperature.

The wines of VINYARD have a strong history of over-delivering on style, flavor and sheer approchability. Ready to be discovered now. This VARIETY is produced from fruit grown on selected premium Australian vineyards. It is fresh and lively with tropical fruit characters and subtle oak flavors. Perfect to enjoy today or over the short term.

Aromas of toasty brioche and delicate citrus subtly emerge from the fine beads. Full and crisp flavors of apples and strawberries linger on the refined acid structure.

This award winning VARIETY is yellow colored with light golden overtones and has a full floral bouquet of wild flowers and berries and abundant, fine bubbles. On the palate it has a magnificent presence - complex, full-bodied and fresh, with lovely enduring flavors of peaches, tropical fruits and flowers. Created from carefully selected macabeo grapes, it has been produced by the same traditional cava method sinc 1897, and spends at least 10 months in the bottle in VINYARD's historic cellars.

VARIETY is widely regarded as one of the noblest of grape varieties with the ability to produce wines of unparalleled refinement, flavor and elegance. Crystal clear with just a hint of pale straw color, aromas of Spring blossom and citrus lead to juicy ripe citrus flavors perfectly balanced by riper apple and passionfruit characters. With a long, clean finish this wine is best enjoyed in its youth and matches perfectly with Asian cuisine and grilled seafood with a fresh summer salad.

The bin 3 VARIETY has been made using fruit sourced from premium South Australian viticultural regions and has floral and passionfruit notes with a lively refreshing acidity on the clean, dry finish. This is a wine to be enjoyed now or over the short term.

Vibrant, generous and alluring, WINENAME harmoniously combines the three Champagne grape varietals: the body of VARIETY, the suppleness of VARIETY and the finesse of VARIETY. Created from more than 100 different wines, the WINENAME style is distinguished by a bright fruitiness with notes of green apple and white flowers. The wine's enticing palate, redolent of white-fleshed fruits and citrus, is enhanced by the fine bubbles and its elegant maturity is revealed in notes of brioche and wheat.

Aromas of cassis berry fruit and hints of spicy vanillin oak lead on to a softly textured and elegant palate, with the VARIETY adding soft, mouth-filling tannins to this flavorsome and balanced blend. The natural beauty of the REGION region is perfectly reflected in the provincial essence of this fine drop. The perfect start to an enriching and refreshing experience.

Matured for one year in french oak, the grapes for this wine are from VINYARD Vineyard in REGION. They were selected by WINEMAKER who made this wine combining new world technology with the old world practices used for centuries in Europe.

The 2013 REGION VARIETY begins with pale straw color in the glass followed by a bouquet of herbs - sage, oregano, black pepper, with green ginger and a grapefruit/ tropical fruit background. On the palate, the initial feel is full and soft. Layers of fresh fruit unfold to more savory notes and an invigorating finish.

Pale green. A bouquet of citrus and tropical fruits backed by characteristic herbaceous notes that REGION VARIETY is famous for. An exuberant wine brimming with flavors of pineapple and stonefruit with a hint of herbaceousness. The finish is fresh and zesty.

The 2013 VARIETY nose opens with bright fruit like kiwi and tangerine, pear and stone fruits then deepens to richer aromas of honey toast, rose and wet stones. On the palate, the wine is juicy and round with well-balanced freshness, minerality and structure. The zesty finish is crisp, clean and pure with a lingering mineral nose.

The aroma on this wine brings to mind warm apples in the sun, a fragrance kissed with oak that works its magic on the palate. The salinity of its texture gives it energy, grip and precision, with enough detail to merit pairing with coq au vin blanc.

Our WINENAME is fresh and inviting on the nose, with beautiful citrus, lemon zest, grapefruit, white flowers such as magnolia, even some stony character, and a hint of toast. The acidity and the sense of minerality remind me of REGION, but the mouthfeel is purely REGION. Very complex, this VARIETY could be cellared for a couple years. Pair with shellfish and ripe cheese.

Crisp, bright flavors have always been the hallmark of VINYARD VARIETY; you'll find hints of papaya, apples and pears. It pulls off the difficult feat of providing a gentle creaminess that lends a rich, mouthfilling texture and long finish, yet still impressing as a wine that's crisp and clean. Try it with mildly spicy foods (such as ceviche), not so mildly spicy Thai cuisine, rich fishentrees, and even classic oven-roasted fowl.

Light straw with emerald green hue. Aromas of green apple, citrus, honeysuckle, white peach, apricot and floral notes. Flavors of pear, melon, lemon and lime, wet stone, kiwi and honey. The palate has a soft, rich entry, nice texture, good weight and a long, lively crisp finish. Alcohol by volume: 13.0%

Generous at the onset, this wine has the scent of pear slices spritzed with lemon juice. Those fresh fruit flavors get a warm toasted lees accent on the palate, along with a mineral finish. A versatile gris for a meal, whether a grilled chicken or stuffed squid. 

Sweet bouquet of fresh flowers, baked apples with a hint of licorice. The palate shows a sweet richness and juicy acidity.

Bright, green-tinged, an intense aroma of tropical and citrus fruit. Smooth, fresh taste with a predominance of lime and persistent finish of citrus fruit.

2011 was an excellent year for AREA, offering the perfect elements for ideal maturation. This wine has complex aromas of salinity, exotic fruits with wet earth/herbal tones. The palate is textured with excellent acidity.

This pleasurable, food-friendly VARIETY from Washington strikes the perfect balance of integrated fruit and oak. It is a soft, creamy VARIETY with layered fruit characters of apricot, papaya and lemon zest accented by subtle oak nuances. Grapes from all over the Columbia Valley make a complex, interesting VARIETY. This wine personifies complexity through diversity.

The backbone of this white wine comes from the slightly cooler growing conditions found in selected Columbia Valley vineyards. Robust natural acidity, ripe tropical flavors and a slight mineral edge provide complexity and balance.

Apple, honey and banana aromas and flavors. Full-bodied, with good fruit and a crisp finish.

Brilliant straw yellow with a green shimmer. Quite pronounced and expressive aroma with flowery and somewhat spicy notes. Rich flavoured in the mouth, with a slight smokiness at the back and a good, fresh finish. Suggested Food: Starters (both fish or meat), pates and terrines, fish and shellfish, poultry, white meat and mushrooms.

This Italian white wine is crisp and light with appealing fruit flavors. Named American's favorite VARIETY, this wine complements pasta, chicken, fish and a wide range of light appetizers.

Focused white with pure, clean stone, flint and minerals. Nose of focused green-pear, exotic ripeness and juicy character. Great balance and finesse with an extended finish. One of the best-value in VARIETY. 

It's an elegant, serious take on the grape, with crisp lime an apple fruit and brisk acidity that lends a tangy freshness throughout.

It has an intense straw-yellow color with a light nuance of antique rose. Its aroma is intense, full and fruity, with excellent persistence. The flavor is dry, velvety, and particularly well-orchestrated for its full body. Pairs well with fish soups, chargrilled seafood and various mushrooom based dishes. This wine is wonderful with squid ink lasagnette pasta and crayfish sauce.

VARIETY is an albino clone of VARIETY. VINYARD's VARIETY displays the desired steely dryness but with the lush texture and rich fruit ensured by the Mediterranean climate of the area. It is characterized by a straw-yellow color with copper highlights, and a fresh, complex nose with hints of apple, pear, and peach. On the palate, it is rounded, with plenty of body and a hint of acidity in the finish. A great match with fish or shellfish dishes, pasta with light sauces, and risotto.

Brilliant pale straw color with a faint tinge of green around the edges and watery hue. Fresh apple and citrus aromas are followed by a hint of lime and mineral. The palate delivers flavors of pear and subtle apple followed by a touch of dried hay with a very spicy back palate. Clean crisp dry finish. Aftertaste of pear, apple and spice.

AREA VARIETY is a wine of great character and versatility. It is the most popular imported wine in the United States. The color is a pale straw yellow, with an intense, clean aroma. It is medium bodied with a fresh, crisp character and firm structure, and has a pleasant golden apple aftertaste.

This wine is pale yellow in color with green reflections. It has the pleasant aroma that characterizes the variety, with exotic fruit notes and a trace of meadow flowers. Slightly spicy, well-structured and full in the mouth, it has a lingering finish on the palate.

Made from VARIETY and VARIETY grapes, this crisp, white wine from the castle-topped hills in western AREA, is pale yellow in color and has green tints. Labeled as a 'classic' wine, this lemony white wine shows apricot and vanilla flavors, is light to medium body and is balanced by a palate cleansing finish. Great with salad, fresh fruit and seafood.

This wine has taut acidity, clean, pure flavors and medium-body. Great as an aperitif or with cicken or fish in a light cream sauce.

2010 is a cracking REGION vintage, a step above even the much acclaimed, rich 2009 and crisp 2008 vintages. Either enjoy the tart, zingy, intense minerally, fruit of this fantastic, steelyy REGION now, partly matured in barrel and partly in stainless steel, with fresh crab, or a dozen oysters. Or preferably, put it away until 2015 for the acidity to soften and the wine to flesh out, yielding a richer, fatter, more verdant but still mouthwatering REGION experience. 

The flagship wine of the VINYARD this has much more density of fruit on the palate but you have to wait for it. There is a touch of yellow fruit up front and a hint of licorice behind, but it is the overall effect of density, harmony and typicity which really counts.

It is usually drunk young, but can cellared and when aged, becomes more complex and develops aromas of undergrowth and almond.

Full bodied, with generous minerals and excellent balancing acidity to highlight the apple, lemon custard and white peach fruits. This will show its elegance and length in time.

Smoke, slate, dried pears and almonds open up as the 2013 REGION shows off its distinctive personality. The 2013 impresses for its vibrant fruit and expressive aromatic complexity. This is a gorgeous wine in every way.

A ripe and rounded wine, this is touched by honey as well as rich yellow fruits, and is generous and full in the mouth. Apples and peaches shine here. As the wine opens up, it develops a fresher side, bringing in a touch of minerality and giving a really crisp aftertaste. Drink from 2016.

Both fruity and mineral this fine wine expresses all the typicality of the terroir and can be enjoyed after 1 to 5 years. Perfect with a seafood platter, it can also be a perfect aperitif.

It has a very fine muscular quality, fabulous fine depth of flavour, and huge weight to it, with a touch of liquorice and great energy. Some flesh on the bones and a long, rich finish. 

2006 is a very good year for REGION in France. The wines have good minerality and acidity but show quite a lot of fruit. AREA REGION is a bit lighter in body and has crisper acidity than regular REGION.

This is a clear white wine, straw-hay in color with low concentration and medium- viscosity. On the nose it has subtle aromas of peanut shell, under cooked oatmeal, watercress, cooked cabbage water, cheese rind, and a hint of flint and chalk. On the palate it has flavors of fresh lemons, hints of green apple, apricot and chalk. It is dry with medium to high acidity, it is medium bodied with medium alcohol and medium+ to long finish. 

Very refined bouquet, developing citrus, white-fleshed fruit and floral notes. Fresh and supple, the wine is marked by mineral notes that are typical of the appellation.

Slightly hazy pale yellow-green. Soil-driven scents of citrus peel, anise, spices and white pepper, with a hint of toast; this smells profound. Boasts a silky texture and outstanding volume and power, with powerful concentration to the flavors of lemon, minerals, spices and oregano. Offers a magical combination of richness and precision and a slowly building, extremely long finish. This is plenty taut but the VARIETY is even tighter today. Great potential!

There is noticeable wood on the ripe and intensely floral nose that also reflects notes of pear, white peach and algae. This is an imposingly scaled wine with its broad and muscular mouth feel that exudes a seemingly endless reserve of minerality on the almost painfully intense finish that delivers flat out amazing length. This is a very powerful wine that is akin to sucking on rocks it is so mineral-inflected. Brilliant.

A wine of contrasts, the 2012 AREA captures the essence of what makes AREA so compelling at this level. At once massively structured yet also ethereal and elusive, the 2012 AREA is a wine that demands the taster's full attention. The huge, explosive finish is absolutely captivating. Readers will have to give the 2012 time to emerge from its shell, but when it does, it should be spectacular. The 2012 has all the elements to develop into a superb wine, and perhaps something more than that.

Puts the hierarchy of crus into perspective with a performance of amazing concentration and complexity. A saline and alkaline sea breeze alliance, chalk dust, fresh lemon and tangerine, iris, and greenhouse-like profusion of leafing things leap from the glass. This comes to the palate with exhilarating electric intensity and lift, suffused with mineral elements and lees for a combination of textural caress and density, yet at the same time brightly refreshing in its tart-edged evocation of firm apple and fresh citrus. Oyster liqueur floods the finish with salivary gland-milking concentration even as a torrent of juicy citrus is unleashed. This should remain profoundly memorable through at least 2024.

Here the nose is compositionally similar to that of the negociant version but in this case it's a bit fresher and more complex with perhaps a touch more REGION character as well. There is fine intensity to the solidly concentrated and vibrant medium-bodied flavors that possess ample dry extract on the slightly more mineral-driven finish that is presently somewhat youthfully austere. Lovely.

A wine of total seamlessness and elegance, the 2013 REGION AREA impresses for its textural balance, depth and pure texture.

Premier AREA's unique terroir of very stony terrain produces a wine with very pronounced mineral aromas, extraordinary power and excellent ageing potential. This wine shows great structure with good length. Both accessible and very fresh, it shows fantastic concentration.

Here the nose offers up an abundance of REGION character with a gentle hint of wood framing the aromas of mineral reduction and green fruit. There is good volume to the generous, rich and attractively textured flavors that possess good power and very solid density, all wrapped in a refreshing, stony and salineinfused finish. This is lovely.

The 2011 REGION AREA wraps around the palate with serious intensity, which is amazing, considering the wine is made from the second selection of young vine fruit from AREA! A gorgeous bouquet laced with gunflint, smoke, oyster shells and grapefruit balances the textural depth and sheer power of the fruit.

Pale yellow-green. Fruit-driven aromas of lemon, lime, white peach and mango. Suppler, sweeter and more open-knit than the WINENAME, in a rich, dense, fruity style. Finishes smooth and persistent, with attractive floral lift. saline and wonderfully intense finish.

There is quite a bit of tension and acidity on the finish to frame layers of rich, highly expressive fruit in the 2011 REGION AREA. This explosive REGION captures an attractive middle ground between the cooler and riper styles of the year, with both plenty of detail and depth.

A benchmark for the region, WINEMAKER's VARIETY is gorgeous with aromas of granny smith apple, honeydew, and elderflower. On the palate, the wine is plump and round, with bracing minerality and crisp acidity.

A dry VARIETY, with delicate aromas of white flowers and brioche. In the mouth it allows easy drinking and offers minerality and freshness, fat and lively, aromatic finesse and beautiful expressions. 

WINENAME is soft yellow-green in color with bright acidity. It is medium in body with an aromatic nose of white peach, melon, almond and mineral notes. The wine offers a lush texture with bold flavors of peaches, green apples, pears, ginger and marzipan. It is clean and refreshing with good length on the finish. Enjoy WINENAME over the next 7-8 years with roast chicken, grilled sole with a creamy morel sauce, crab salad and goat cheese.

Light, with persistent grape skins perfume, this VARIETY has a touch of firm acidity to lift the finish. It's a breezy, off-dry white for freshwater fish.

Racy and clean, it has a pronounced minerality on the finish.

It has VARIETY's distinctive herbal, lemongrass, lime zest and grapefruit aromas and flavors, with notes of white chalk. In the mouth, it is gracefully round and ripe, yet it practically hums with crackling, citrusy acidity. It will be an elegant companion for a baked fillet of sole or, of course, a Crottin de Chavignol.

A delicious, well balanced and crisp wine. Earthy in taste with a flint finish, very typical of the region. This VARIETY has won many prizes in the last 10 years, winning the silver medal in Paris this year.

It has notes of melon and citrus fruits, with a crisp, clean finish.

WINENAME is a wonderful VARIETY loaded with lemon-lime aromas, bright citrus fruit and a steely, minerality that allows it to pair with seafood of any kind. It is quite the quaffer as well on warmer days.

Delicate mineral notes of chalk and slate with good citrus and melon in the nose. Firm acidity brace this wine so that it will stand up to and marry well with fish, shellfish and goat cheese. Fairly rich in the middle with nice snap. The wines are thus quite floral and high toned in the nose while having a rich, full-bodied middle.

This white VARIETY is characterized by delicate aromas of ripe fruit. In the mouth, the balance is remarkable. This wine has a round, velvety and silky structure, which ends with a mentholated freshness. On the palate, the final note is long and elegant.

This is a classic styled VARIETY from VINYARD's vineyards. This wine is jammed full with minerals, citrus and and rich, melon fruit. This wine will sing with most anything you pair with it especially goat cheese or shellfish.

The wine is aged for 9-10 months in oak barrels (not new!). The wine possesses mouth-wateringly ripe and flinty, zesty fruit flavours with a racy acidity and breathtaking delineation. This is an exceptionally elegant and harmonious VARIETY with lovely purity of fruit and a distinctive steely minerality. Enjoy with river trout or a selection of fine goat cheeses.

WINEMAKER's VARIETY is one of the best VARIETY that you can buy. It's crisp and lively but has better concentration than many other wines from the AREA, which gives it enough substance to stand up to a chicken or rich fish entree.

This is classic VARIETY from AREA. The wines are less rustic than VARIETY from other parts of this appellation and express pure citrus fruit and pungent minerality.

Pale and vibrant in color. The 2013 WINEMAKER VARIETY is fresh, clean and screaming with racy acidity. On the palate it is fresh and tightly wound; acidity is tempered by very subtle residual sugar; very clean; alive, racy, youthful. Overall, a dry and elegant wine. 

Another full-throttle 2012 dry white, this 2012 offers lots of honeysuckle notes as well as a full-bodied mouthfeel and beautiful purity, elegance and length. Lemon zest, grapefruit and subtle wood characteristics are found in both the aromatic and flavor profiles. Drink this stunning AREA over the next 6-10 years.

Quite juicy, though slightly compact, with shortbread and straw notes holding sway over bitter citrus oil, lemon pulp and jicama flavors. This will be solid when the components stretch out fully.

Possibly the greatest VARIETY since the legendary 1985, the 2013 boasts a light straw color with a greenish hue as well as a stunning perfume of tangerine oil, orange marmalade, citrus and honeysuckle. Surprisingly full, rich, exuberant and borderline flamboyant, this is a stunning white AREA to consume over the next 20+ years.

This wine is warm and ripe, with a fine balanced between the crisp acidity and tense citrus-fruit flavors. It shows the delicious tension of the vintage and will likely age well.

Deep straw-yellow. Aromatic lemon oil, tangerine and oak on the nose. On the palate, fresh citrus and yellow melon flavors are extended by bright acidity, with the finish showing a hint of tannic bite and a truffley nuance. This has enough stuffing to gain further depth with bottle age.

Lively young white with sliced-apple, pear and grapefruit character. Medium to full body, crisp finish. Pretty intensity and freshness. Outstanding potential.

A hint of talc gives way quickly to green melon, green apple and green almond notes. The finish is rounded and lush, but the flavors stay bright.

Aromas of peaches, grass, minerals and citrus leap out. Medium-bodied and well-balanced with clean, fresh fruit flavors. The finish has good length with bright acidity. Fresh citrus and melon with wonderful complexity.

This beautiful golden wine shows delicate perfume of citrus fruits and honeysuckle, a richly fruited, medium-bodied palate, and a very subtle touch of spicy new oak. Older versions exhibit nuts and honey; this is a wine with admirable depth, adequate acidity and fine persistence.

Golden-hued and medium-bodied, this wine is a superlative expression of AREA. With white blossoms and delicate fruit on the nose - golden apple, pear, a tinge of ripe lemon - it features stony minerality, bright, refreshing acidity and lingering notes of honey. The top quality of VINYARD's fruit makes it possible to avoid blending in any other grapes such as VARIETY or VARIETY, allowing for a gentle but refreshing expression of this unique varietal. The wine remains on its lees in steel tanks for another six months before bottling, lending richness and complexity.

With a straw-yellow color, it features a full, intense and persistent nose, with aromas of peach, honey and broom flowers. Full-bodied on the palate, it is rich in flavor, intensely acidic and remarkably mineral, dry but soft almost salty, with great length and hints of almonds. Uniquely suited to long-term ageing.

The dazzling mix of flavors includes sweet pea, pear, white pepper, cherry, peach, herbs and minerals.

A wine that enchants with its name alone. A white wine from the highest level of winery techniques which permits no errors. The result of a harvest that qualitatively and quantitatively allows no compromises. A VARIETY of light, greenish color, with aromas of wild elder blossoms and figs, gently spicy, convincing on the palate, fine, dry, balanced, and long lasting. A wine which in its completeness radiates harmony and strength, fullness and elegance. An ideal aperitif and accompaniment to many appetizers, especially vegetables, fish dishes, and cheeses.

A concentrated, dry white, featuring ripe peach and apricot flavors, a viscous texture and a core of mineral. This is balanced, with the mineral carrying through. Picks up a spice note on the lingering finish. 

Like the AREA, this wine shows a touch of green on the nose, but there are also some riper notes that bring to mind tangerines. This is almost too intense and minerally; fans of fruity VARIETY will likely be underwhelmed, but if you like the flavors of wet salty stones that extend almost indefinitely on the finish, this wine is a winner.

VINYARD follow the old tradition of making pure and natural wines. This philosophy of purity is married with a daily quest for the highest possible quality in the wines. Close to 100% of the wines made by VINYARD are dry.

Beeswax and grapefruit flavors grace this racy VARIETY. A buried mineral streak refreshes on the finish with mouthwatering acidity. Drink now through 2020.

Racy flavors of quince, peach and spiced pear fill this vibrant white. The long finish of strudel shows hints of butter, and is lush, creamy and elegant. Drink now through 2021.

All wines are fermented in stainless steel tanks and 1200 liter oak stucks. Combining full body with refreshing acidity, AREA wines have an unsurpassed longevity. They need 2-3 years of bottle aging to show their potential.

Vinified in old wood, this wine has an extra depth of flavor and suavete of texture while sacrificing nothing of the vintage cut. It should age brilliantly.

Warm harvesting days allowed for optimum phenolic ripeness and classic REGION acidity and mineral character. This ripeness allowed for their delicious approachability upon release, as it kept the acidity in check. This was a beautiful vintage when all was said and done.

Aged exclusively in stainless steel vats to retain the classic mineral qualities that the VARIETY grape attains in REGION. After a couple of years in the bottle, the wines begin to blossom and flesh out. The nose takes on the buttery, yeasty nose which true connoisseurs look for from French VARIETY.

Normally held back at the winery for an extra year, it shows the captivating yeasty quality in the nose that true REGION should have. It is both fleshy and full while retaining a solid mineral core and zesty acidity. Wines from this famous region are some of the most versatile with food, and this is no exception. Very thirst quenching, it will marry well with all seafood and poultry as well as with stronger cheese such as Gruyere or Comte.

